Declaring an entity

When you declare a variable, a function, or even a class all you are doing is saying: there is something with this name, and it has this type.
The compiler can then handle most (but not all) uses of that name without needing the full definition of that name.
Declaring a value without defining it allows you to write code that the compiler can understand without having to put all of the details.
This is particularly useful if you are working with multiple source files, and you need to use a function in multiple files.
You don't want to put the body of the function in multiple files, but you do need to provide a declaration for it.

int func();

This is a function declaration; it does not provide the body of the function, but it does tell the compiler that it can use this function and expect that it will be defined somewhere.

Defining an entity

Defining something means providing all of the necessary information to create that thing in its entirety.
Defining a function means providing a function body; defining a class means giving all of the methods of the class and the fields.
Once something is defined, that also counts as declaring it; so you can often both declare and define a function, class or variable at the same time.But you don't have to.

int func();

int main()
{
    int x = func();
}

int func()
{
    return 2;
}

Since the compiler knows the return value of func, and the number of arguments it takes, it can compile the call to func even though it doesn't yet have the definition. In fact, the definition of the method func could go into another file


Conclusion

A declaration provides basic attributes of a symbol: its type and its name.
A definition provides all of the details of that symbol--if it's a function, what it does; if it's a class, what fields and methods it has; if it's a variable, where that variable is stored.
Often, the compiler only needs to have a declaration for something in order to compile a file into an object file, expecting that the linker can find the definition from another file.
If no source file ever defines a symbol, but it is declared, you will get errors at link time complaining about undefined symbols.