The languages considered here are C and Python

Simplicity and Readability

In terms of simplicity and readibility Python is the best langauage in the field of programming.It has simple
and easy syntax and it is very easy to understand even from the view of an outsider and hence it is way ahead 
in terms of readability and simplicity than C.

Clarity about Binding

In terms of binding C is much more well defined and better than Python.C is a static typed language and hence it
is much more clear in binding and everything is resolved in compile time whereas Python is a dynamic typed language
and it uses an interpreter and everything is resolved in run time and hence the running time of C program is far less 
than running time of Python.

Reliability 

In terms of reliability Python is a much more reliable language than C because in C we have a lot of problems 
fundamentally like the dangling else and memory leak which may change the output for the same input when run 
again and again (mainly memory leak does this).Support program verification and testing is furthermore much 
more easy and reliable in Python than in C.Python has a much simpler syntax and easier to design parser than C 
because there are some special cases in C with a lot of exceptions(for example one line loop doesn't require 
braces).

Support 

In terms of support both C and Python have considerable support in the internet but in case of more complicated
and realtime scenarios, Python has much larger support across domains and is of atmost ease for any programmer 
to refer to and build his solution towards a problem considered.

Abstraction 

In terms of abstraction it is easy to conclude that Python is far more abstract language than C language.
The presence of Classes and Polymorphism are very powerful concepts which provide abstract features to Python.
The presence of name mangling provides data abstraction and the above mention concepts provide function abstractions.

Orthogonality

In terms of Orthogonality Python is more orthogonal than C.

Efficient Implementation

In terms of efficiency of implementation there are a few factors that need to be considered.
If we consider runtime, then C program runs 3 times faster than an equivalent Python program.
In terms of program load time, C is faster than Python.
In terms of compile time,C is faster than Python because any compiler is faster than any interpreter.
In terms of program writing time, Python is easier than C.
On the whole we can say that Python is easier to type but the more efficient language in terms of runtime is C.